Update advisor-reference-cost-recommendations.md (#123818)
Azure/azure-content: articles/advisor/advisor-reference-cost-recommendations.md

Learn more about [Virtual machine scale set - LowUsageVmss (Right-size or shutdown underutilized virtual machine scale sets)](https://aka.ms/aa_lowusagerec_vmss_learnmore).

> [!TIP]  

> > If you are unsure whether you can shutdown an idle resource without causing a chaos, you can firstly restrict access to the resource. Make sure the resource's role is restricted, too. Leave the resource up for a few weeks and if nobody has connected to it or has complained, chances are the resource can be shut down safely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're unsure whether you can shut down an idle resource without causing chaos, you can first restrict access to the resource. Make sure the resource's role is restricted, too. Leave the resource up for a few weeks, and if nobody has connected to it or has complained, chances are the resource can be shut down safely.
```
